# Message-Mixer
Message Mixer Inc. offers a message-encryption service that transforms input text, using various ciphers, and displays the encrypted message to the console.  There are three encryption methods provided by this service:      A “Caesar Cipher” in which the characters of the input message are shifted alphabetically by a given amount.     A “Symbol Cipher” in which select characters from the input message are replaced with visually similar symbols.     A “Reverse Cipher” in which each word of the input message is reversed in place.  To use this service, run the command below:  node message-mixer.js ['caesar'|'symbol'|'reverse'] [amount]  Here are some examples of running this program:  $ node message-mixer.js caesar 4 Enter the message you would like to encrypt... > hello world   Here is your encrypted message: > lipps asvph   $ node message-mixer.js 'reverse' Enter the message you would like to encrypt... > hello world   Here is your encrypted message: > olleh dlrow  At present, Message Mixer Inc. sells their encryption service as a program in a single file called message-mixer.js. This single file includes:      The functions that perform the encryptions listed above.     The code for retrieving the user input.     The code for displaying the output back to the user.  Message Mixer Inc. now wants to join the open-source community by packaging its encryption functions in a module and allowing other developers to import these encryption functions into their own projects.  In this project, you will help Message Mixer Inc. extract and isolate its encryption functions into a module, called encryptors.js, and then refactor message-mixer.js to use this module’s functions.
